Hello, my name is Jake and my partners in this work are Matthew and Ahsan.
This project is in partial fulfillment of the course requirements for the Spring offering of Formal Methods and CyberPhysical Systems.
My group and I explored the creation, verification and analysis of an iterated version of a concurrent stochastic game: the volunteers Dilemma.
The volunteers dilemma in its basic form is detailed in our paper. 
The game is usually explored in terms of a static one-shot game. Here, we propose a model to simulate longer-run dynamics in which resources are accrued over time.
The model was constructed in PRISM games, and repurposed a game theory case study on the Public Good Game.
In our game, players can accrue resources round over round, and use them throughout the game.
We present a simple piecewise linear function to model reward decay in cases of overdonation, and null reward in the case of underdonation.
Aggregate reward is uniformly distributed given a winning condition, and linearly decays for overdonation. We motivate the reasoning behind this in our paper.
We also explore various properties associated with verification, as well as reward expectation under different condtions, such as opposing coalitions, although this would require extensive
continued research. 
We motivate future research in the space of formal methods in conjunction with cyberphysical systems to build on some proposed game theoretical frameworks: namely, we consider the case of
proximity based GPS systems, which we believe form a viable basis for modeling real world dynamics similar to the Volunteers Dilemma Game. There, some contributors are responsible for 
signaling the way for others, freeriders, who take advantage of those signals to minimize some cost, or maximize some objective like time saved. We think that route planning at the human level
is generally a stochastic process. We also note that strategies may evolve over time in such a proposed case, where users are almost simulatenously acting as both the contributor and the free rider, 
which opens up some interesting aspects of behavioral theory that we can explore.